[admin](Adding descriptions) (#1670)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/tutorials/word-tutorial.md

---
title: Word add-in tutorial

> description: 'In this tutorial, you'll build a Word add-in that inserts (and replaces) text ranges, paragraphs, images, HTML, tables, and content controls. You'll also learn how to format text and how to insert (and replace) content in content controls.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'In this tutorial, you will build a Word add-in that inserts (and replaces) text ranges, paragraphs, images, HTML, tables, and content controls. You'll also learn how to format text and how to insert (and replace) content in content controls.'
```

> description: 'In this tutorial, you'll build a Word add-in that inserts (and replaces) text ranges, paragraphs, images, HTML, tables, and content controls. You'll also learn how to format text and how to insert (and replace) content in content controls.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'In this tutorial, you'll build a Word add-in that inserts (and replaces) text ranges, paragraphs, images, HTML, tables, and content controls. You will also learn how to format text and how to insert (and replace) content in content controls.'
```

> description: 'In this tutorial, you will build a Word add-in that inserts (and replaces) text ranges, paragraphs, images, HTML, tables, and content controls. You will also learn how to format text and how to insert (and replace) content in content controls.'

Reviewer 2: I don't think the description needs the ''.
```suggestion
description: In this tutorial, you'll build a Word add-in that inserts (and replaces) text ranges, paragraphs, images, HTML, tables, and content controls. You'll also learn how to format text and how to insert (and replace) content in content controls.
```
